♫ Edelweiss. edelweiss ♫
♫ Every morning you greet me ♫
♫ Small and white ♫
♫ Clean and bright ♫
♫ You look happy to see me ♫
♫ Blossom of snow.
may you bloom and grow ♫
♫ Bloom and grow forever ♫
♫ Edelweiss. edelweiss ♫
♫ Bless my homeland forever ♫
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Michiko.
Michiko!
♫ I run the boardinghouse ♫
♫ And I run the laundry ♫
♫ We have chop suey
every Thursday noon ♫
Man: Salisbury steaks
in brown gravy.
A new frozen main dish.
A taste of home.
Your own shooting gallery?
You bet. with the...
The United States continues
to reinforce its Cuban base
at Guantanamo Bay.
the naval depot that Castro
wants the U.S. to give up.
These marines have
been assigned the job
of protecting the base
against any Cuban threats
that might arise during
the present crisis.
They'll be on 24-hour alert...
Our first line of defense.
I hear you've been
looking for me.
I'm George Dixon.
I disconnected the
microphones in your room
and the tap on the phone
so we can talk.
But they can still see you.
Who is able to see me?
You really should not
have come here.
Listen. I came here to find you.
My mom told me be the truth
about you and Trudy.
You betrayed everything
she died for.
You're Resistance.
Those men who just
tried to kill me.
- are they with you?
- Since Trudy loved you.
I'm going to give you
this advice just once.
Run away. far away.
We will never forget
what you did.
- Don't hang up.
- Goodbye. Juliana.
The Man in the High
Castle sent me.
Hello?
Hello.
Tomorrow 8 a.m.
Walk west into Central Park.
past the Chancellor's Museum
towards the lake
at East 79th Street.
- You got it?
- Yes.
How will I find you?
I'll find you.
Sit beside me.
Why here?
I don't want to end up
in a Gestapo basement.
I'm not a Nazi.
Did you or did you not
give Joe Blake the film
and let him escape?
Not for the reasons you think.
So it's coincidence
you're sponsored
by the most evil
son of a bitch
in the American Reich.
What are you talking about?
John Smith.
Do you know how many people
he's had killed?
No. I just met him.
I don't know what he
wants from me. either.
Well. he didn't grant you asylum
out of the kindness
of his own heart.
I'm guessing
it has something to do
with the Man you mentioned.
You're in his films. George.
What the hell
are you talking about?
In one of them.
San Francisco's destroyed
by an atomic blast.
Jesus.
It's part of why I
came to find you.
He thinks you've
got something to do
with causing it.
Me? How?
I don't know.
- Why?
- I don't know.
San Francisco is my home.
I hate the Pons. but I want
to go back there one day.
There are people there
that I love.
So you can't think
of any reason why...
No. Of course not.
If I thought for a second
that he was right.
I'd... I'd put a bullet
in my own head.
Then maybe this is enough:
me warning you.
Maybe this is enough
to stop it happening.
If he wanted to talk to me.
he knows where I am.
Why would he send you?
He didn't exactly send me.
Look. he knew that I knew you
from his films somehow. but...
Listen. my mom told me
the truth about you and Trudy.
but I just had this feeling.
and I knew it had to be
me who found you.
that... this is all
happening for a reason.
That's really why you came here?
You have to believe me.
Juliana: George.
George?
It's okay.
Don't make me regret this.
Let's go.
- Where?
- You'll find out.
Girl: Hello.
- Annie?
- Yes.
It... Yeah. it's Thomas.
I tried to find you
after school yesterday.
I heard you're going
to the mixer with Barker?
He asked me yesterday
after school.
Yeah. That's okay.
I understand.
He's. uh.
really athletic and all.
Tommy's in love.
Tommy and Annie.
sitting in a tree.
K-I-S-S-I-N-G.
That's enough.
Thomas. are you there?
- Gotta go. Bye.
- Thomas?
I'm sorry. Mother.
Don't be sorry.
Just have a seat. please.
Tommy's in love.
Shut up.
Did I just hear "Shut up"?
Sorry. Father.
Jennifer was teasing me.
No teasing at the table.
please. or anywhere else.
Thomas.
is that a little peach fuzz
I see on that chin of yours?
I have an extra razor
you could use
before we get you your own.
Thank you. Father.
Why don't I cancel
Julia tonight?
Just the family for dinner.
Such short notice.
We don't want to be rude. do we?
I'm sure she's tired
from the move.
Ah. she'll be fine.
Everything will be fine.
- Hey.
Everything go all right?
Yeah. It went fine.
Where's Childan?
Childan's here. left alone.
unpleasantly.
with the Conspiracy King.
You'd be smart to take
that Heydrich tip.
Depending on how that plays out.
it could shift
the power balance.
Yes. well. it's already
shifted my blood pressure
- sharply upward.
- You two work it out.
I'm gonna take a shower.
- clean up.
- Hey.
We need to talk.
What?
Where have you been?
Stashing the explosive.
All night?
You have got to be kidding me.
You and that...
So what about the stuff?
What are they gonna do with it?
I didn't ask.
The less we know. the better.
We shouldn't have done
that. Frank.
We should not have helped them.
Come on. Tell me
it didn't feel good.
It didn't.
We're not like those
people. Frank.
Yeah. well. maybe we should be.
Hey.
A little privacy. please?
Danke.
Josef?
I was informed you were leaving.
Have you come
to see me off or stop me?
I will not force you to stay.
but there is something
I need to ask from you.
What's that?
I need you to come with me.
There's something
I need to show you.
My plane leaves at 3.
I won't let it
leave without you.
We'll drop you
at the airport after.
After what?
After you hear the truth.
Please. This is important.
even more important
for you than me.
What is this place?
The Jews built it
as a nursing home
before the war.
A poor investment.
We renamed it
Haus Fruhlingsdammerung:
Spring Dawn House.
We won't be long.
Come this way.
Have you heard
of the term Lebensborn?
No? I think the translation
is. uh. "Fountain of Life."
Yeah. guys in school
used to talk
about those
Fountain of Life places.
Weren't they cat houses for
the top guys in the Reich?
That was a myth about them.
What was.
and indeed remains real.
is the Führer's desire
to perfect the species.
And Lebensborn is...
an early attempt to that end.
I think it... This way.
This way. Ja.
You see. this facility was
phased out in the late '40s
after it failed to deliver
the desired results.
But there are still some
who still see the children
of Lebensborn
as the chosen ones...
the Führer's own offspring.
I guess there's a point
to this. right?
Yes.
Racially desirable women
volunteered to have their babies
at the Lebensborn
birthing houses
to be raised in line
with the Party ideals.
Places like this one
were to provide
the next generation
of the SS elite.
So this was a birthing house.
This was...
your birthing house. Josef.
What the hell are you
talking about?
You were born here
on April 10. 1935.
at 7:32 in the morning.
No. I wasn't.
On August the following year.
you were kidnapped
and taken to America.
No. I was born in Brooklyn
in a filthy hovel
that
my mother couldn't afford
because you abandoned us.
I'm sorry.
That simply isn't true.
I understand how
upsetting this must be.
You don't understand
a thing about me.
When Elsa stole you.
I wanted her caught
and you brought back.
But I came to realize
this program was wrong.
Its intentions were pure.
but its methods were cruel.
I don't believe
a word you're saying!
Your mother was right
to take you away. Josef.
You must never blame her.
Stay the hell away from me.
Yes. Sergeant.
Sir.
our agents have located
Juliana Crain in New York
and are making arrangements.
Inform them I want her
brought back immediately.
Sir. it may be more
complicated than we thought.
Her asylum is being
personally sponsored
by Obergruppenführer Smith.
That is...
very troubling.
Do we proceed with
the operation anyway?
The Nazis keep jamming
the usual frequency.
but they broadcast
on a secondary...
Juliana:
What kind of music is this?
It's Pirate Radio.
from the Neutral Zone.
A little reminder of
what we're fighting for.
Unlike any music
I've ever heard.
That's because it's illegal.
Too much of the Negro influence.
So don't tune in at home
if you don't want
the Nazis listening.
You wouldn't know it.
but this
used to be a great city...
before.
It was noisy and a little messy
but...
totally alive.
San Francisco. too.
You're too young
to remember. aren't you?
I remember looking out
the window with Trudy.
watching the Japanese tanks
rolling down the Embarcadero.
How did she get here?
Into the Reich.
I don't want to talk
about Trudy.
Why not?
Because she worshiped
the ground you walked on.
After what you did.
even she couldn't forgive you.
If you think you knew
my sister better than I did.
you're wrong.
Here's the deal. kiddo.
Your father and I
were best friends.
Your mother and I were...
close.
So I don't want your blood
on my hands.
What does that mean?
My people want you dead
for what you did.
You sent them away.
Well. I'm not in charge.
The only reason they're
letting me talk to you
is to give you a chance.
- Chance to what?
- Redeem yourself.
Look. George. I can't
get the film back.
Oh. they know that.
Then what do they want from me?
Tell me this isn't about Smith.
He's our top target.
We've come close. but...
I'm not an assassin. George.
Nobody's asking you
to do that...
Not right now. at any rate.
I don't know what you
think I can do.
We want you to get close to
the Smiths and their friends.
Why?
Because my people
are telling you to.
Look. you don't understand.
They're playing at something.
They don't actually trust me.
Go figure.
Look. you tell your people
that this isn't going to work.
You understand?
You really want me to do that?
Because it's the deal
I struck with them
to keep them from killing you.
I think I'm going to be sick.
You really shouldn't
have helped that Nazi.
Did you ever love her?
Or was she just breeding stock?
Oh. I loved your mother.
And I was very proud
of my first son.
Why didn't she tell me?
If she had told you the truth.
how would you
have reacted? Hmm?
My whole life is a lie.
Hmm.
No. no. no. no. no.
Your actions define you.
And they do not lie.
I am proud of the man
that you have become.
And who is that?
Who have I become?
You are a good man.
worthy of my trust. Josef.
There is a world of
possibilities here for you.
if you want them.
I want very much
for you to stay.
but if you prefer
to go to New York.
I understand.
And I will no longer interfere.
Oh. hey. what's going on?
I got your message.
Come in and find out.
How's Ed?
I kind of like Ed.
Oh. yeah? Uh. well. yeah.
he likes you. too.
Frank. you did good yesterday.
Want a beer?
Nah. no thanks.
So you know what you're
going to do with it?
The explosive?
Not your problem.
But it won't go
to waste. Trust me.
Yeah. I trust you.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
Can I talk to you for a second?
- Okay.
I really feel like. uh.
like I should be there.
you know?
We both know where you
need to be right now.
You're the only one
standing between him and...
Yeah. I know. I know.
Leave this for me.
Yeah.
Okay.
Look out for yourself. brother.
All right. You. too.
Sara.
Be safe.
So what are we doing here?
What does it look like. Frank?
Wetting my whistle.
There's something I need
to ask you about.
Shoot.
The films.
I need to know about them.
Why?
Because I saw the one
that Juliana...
Because I saw myself die in it.
You were in the film?
Yeah. I was in...
I. uh. saw myself...
get executed.
Then you know everything
you need to know
about the films.
why we don't fucking watch them.
I was on my knees.
It never happened.
How could they have a film...
Ted Vecchione. 1947.
Bobby Vecchione. 1949.
Sam Kyle...
Karen's husband. 1961.
And now Karen herself...
The last of the Vecchione
family. 1962.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about the fact
that it doesn't matter
what you saw on those films.
We're all going to die.
The question is. do you
want to die on your knees
or do you want to die
standing tall?
We have to go.
Come with us.
He came alone?
No appointment?
Yes. sir.
Chief Inspector Kido.
I am Obergruppenführer Smith.
Obergruppenführer.
To what do we owe the pleasure?
I come on the orders
of General Onoda
with a request.
For the extradition
of Juliana Crain.
Please come in.
Well. this is a...
it's a little awkward.
I must say. Chief Inspector.
You see. Juliana Crain
has been granted
asylum here in the Reich.
But when that decision was made.
the Reich may not have been in
possession of all the facts.
No?
Please take a seat.
Miss Crain is a known
member of the Resistance.
She was involved in the murder
of two of my officers.
We interviewed Miss Crain.
I'm satisfied she was never
a member of the Resistance.
In fact. she sought refuge here
because the Resistance
is trying to kill her.
Yes. because she betrayed them
after they brought her to meet
the Man in the High Castle.
You have proof of this?
Erich. could you. uh.
could you give us a moment?
The medal behind your desk.
Might I examine it more closely?
Be my guest.
The Solomon Islands.
Why display a medal from
your U.S. military service?
I keep it as a reminder.
The consequences
of the failure of command.
There were many casualties
in that campaign.
On both sides.
You were there?
Yes. Obergruppenführer.
I was.
Tell me something.
Chief Inspector.
Soldier to soldier.
You must have known
before you came here
I was going to refuse
your extradition request.
Why are you really here?
Sir. if I may ask...
Listen to me. Erich.
I want you to erase
all record of that meeting
from the log.
Understand?
He was never here.
Hello.
Good day. Miss Mills.
It's John Smith.
Well. hello.
Did I catch you at a bad time?
No. no. no.
I've just been doing
a little house cleaning.
Cleanliness is a virtue
here in the Reich.
Yes. Yes. I read that.
Glad you're fitting in.
Helen wanted me to ask you
if you have any
objection to pot roast.
- Pot roast?
- For dinner tonight.
That is if you
can still make it?
Right. Uh. pot roast
is wonderful.
Is there anything I can bring?
No. just yourself.
See you at 7.
See you then.
Man: Mutual assured
destruction
is what McNarmara calls it.
And I say. damn right it is.
Woman: Never thought
I'd look back
on the world wars as quaint.
How's Tina taking it?
She must be scared
out of her wits.
My Tina. she's in fourth grade.
and they have her doing
duck-and-cover exercises
every single day.
Tell that to Nikita Khrushchev.
If you ask me. this
wouldn't be happening
if Eisenhower had let him go
to Disneyland back in '59.
like he wanted.
Well. I don't know about that.
but I'll tell you.
I can't sleep at night.
And I've tried everything:
yoga. deep breathing. wine.
Danke.
Josef. this is Sylvia.
She has looked after our
family since I was a boy.
Danke.
Guten Tag. Fräulein Silvia.
Heil Hitler.
The owner's away.
We're closed.
Yes. I know.
What are you...
Mr. Childan could
be back any second.
You missed our meeting.
Mr. McCarthy.
I know. I couldn't get away.
We continue to let you live
and your friend Frank live.
Why?
So I can be useful.
And are you being useful?
I told you about
the counterfeiting.
That's all I know.
The Yakuza's dealings are
of particular interest to us.
You think they are going
to tell me anything?
A gaijin?
When do you make your
first payment to them?
Soon. I hope.
In a few days.
You will report directly
to me after that meeting.
You will recount every detail.
And then we will decide
if you're continuing
to be useful.
I will. I swear.
Now could you please...
Looks nice.
I didn't hear you come in.
I was just saying...
it looks nice.
Well. hopefully
our guest will think so.
since clearly she is
the most important thing
in our lives right now.
Helen.
What did I say?
I'm taking care of it.
Trust me.
I'll go check the roast.
Thomas: I'll get it.
Hi. Miss Mills.
Hello. Thomas.
I thought we agreed
you'd call me Julia.
I don't think I'm supposed to.
Oh. you're an adult now. Thomas.
I think it should be fine.
Julia. welcome.
Thank you for having me.
Obergruppenführer.
No. no. no. no.
In my home I'm John.
John. Thank you.
Hello. Julia.
Oh. and what are those?
These are for you.
Wow. Beautiful.
Oh. my girls.
Amy. Jennifer.
- This is Miss Mills.
- Hello.
Jennifer. be a dear put that
in a vase with some water.
Please. come through.
We'll put them on the table.
Frank: What is this?
It's a memorial...
for Karen.
There are people here from
the state of Washington.
Baja. the Salt Lake.
Come on.
Man: As we gather tonight.
we remember that the Lord
is close to the brokenhearted
and saves those that
are crushed in spirit.
Remember too. that we
are of good courage
and would rather be
away from the body
and at home with the Lord
surrounded by the loved ones
who went before us.
Of course. the Lord can see
Karen. even though we cannot.
For precious
in the sight of the Lord
is the death of his saints.
So let us lay this
saint to rest.
And let us not linger. children.
for the wolves will soon
be upon our door.
You're one of us now.
The pot roast is delicious.
Mm. Very good.
Why. thank you.
You know. this
tastes a little bit
like pickled cabbage.
is that right?
Is that what it is?
We like to call it sauerkraut.
- This is sauerkraut?
- Yep.
You've never had
sauerkraut before?
No. I haven't.
It's a little hard
to come by
in the Pacific States.
Colleen Meyer said
that the Japs eat dogs
in the Pacific States.
- Is that true?
- Jennifer.
No. The Japanese do not
eat dogs. I promise.
What about cats?
Occasionally.
Kidding.
Excuse me.
You know what I did
hear. girls...
That they eat raw fish.
Yes?
Joe: Did you know?
Just tell me the truth.
It's good to hear from you. Joe.
How's Berlin?
Did you know I'm Lebensborn?
Yes. I knew.
Why didn't you tell me?
It wasn't my place.
You mean because
it didn't benefit you.
That's the only reason
you ever do anything.
isn't it?
What I did I did for you. Joe.
You have a great future
ahead of you.
And you thought I'd
be useful to you.
Well. you're important
to me. Joe.
I won't deny that.
We're done.
Helen:
Everything okay. honey?
Everything's fine.
Mr. Washington.
Right on time.
You about ready to go.
Mr. A?
There's a stack inside.
Would you bring it out
for me. please?
Don't want to get that nice
suit all rumpled up. huh?
Mm-mm.
There's a...
There's a strong smell inside.
- You noticed.
- Like gas.
That's the smell
of leaving. Lem.
the smell of moving on.
What about the rest of them?
Nothing like a good
spring cleaning.
Noriaki?
Wow.
You're back.
Why do you talk to me this way?
Why do you dishonor Mom?
Noriaki. please.
No. he needs to hear this.
The world's about
to come to an end.
and you disappear
on another one
of your benders?
I did not do what you say.
Woman: Nori?
He's back. honey.
Oh.
Thank God you're all right.
.srt Extracted. Resynced by
Dan4Jem. XII.MMXVI
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today